("Changes")
♪ Mm, mm, mm ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Come on, come on ♪
♪ I see no changes wake
up in the morning ♪
♪ And I ask myself ♪
♪ Is life worth living
should I blast myself ♪
♪ I'm tired of bein' poor
and even worse I'm black ♪
♪ My stomach hurts so I'm
lookin' for a purse to snatch ♪
♪ Cops give a damn
about a negro ♪
♪ Pull the trigger
kill a he's a hero ♪
♪ Give the to the kids
who the hell cares ♪
♪ One less hungry
mouth on the welfare ♪
♪ First ship 'em dope and
let 'em deal the brothers ♪
♪ Give 'em guns step back
watch 'em kill each other ♪
♪ It's time to fight back
that's what Huey said ♪
♪ Two shots in the
dark now Huey's dead ♪
♪ I got love for my brother
but we can never go nowhere ♪
♪ Unless we share
with each other ♪
♪ We gotta start
makin' changes ♪
♪ Learn to see me as
a brother instead ♪
♪ Of two distant strangers ♪
♪ And that's how
it's supposed to be ♪
♪ How can the Devil take a
brother if he's close to me ♪
♪ I'd love to go back to
when we played as kids ♪
♪ But things changed, and
that's the way it is ♪
♪ Come on, come on ♪
♪ That's just the way it is ♪
♪ Things will
never be the same ♪
♪ That's just the way it is ♪
♪ Aww yeah, in the end ♪
- I knew I'd be private
in my whole life
and live my life and to be
responsible for what I do.
I don't know how
to be responsible
for what every black male do.
I don't know, alright.
That's what I am gonna say.
Then I gonna start.
That's because I came from
the gutter and I'm still here.
♪ I see no changes all
I see is racist faces ♪
♪ Misplaced hate makes
disgrace to races ♪
♪ We under I wonder what
it takes to make this ♪
♪ One better place,
let's erase the wasted ♪
♪ Take the evil out the people
they'll be acting right ♪
♪ 'Cause both black and
white is smokin' tonight ♪
♪ And only time we chill is
when we kill each other ♪
♪ It takes skill to be real,
time to heal each other ♪
♪ And although it
seems heaven sent ♪
♪ We ain't ready, to see
a black President, uh ♪
♪ It ain't a secret
don't conceal the fact ♪
♪ The penitentiary's packed,
and it's filled with blacks ♪
♪ But some things
will never change ♪
♪ Try to show another way but
you stayin' in the dope game ♪
♪ Now tell me what's
a mother to do ♪
♪ Bein' real don't appeal
to the brother in you ♪
♪ You gotta operate
the easy way ♪
♪ I made a G today but you
made it in a sleazy way ♪
♪ Sellin' to the kid
I gotta get paid ♪
♪ Well hey, well
that's the way it is ♪
♪ Come on, come on ♪
♪ That's just the way it is ♪
♪ Things will
never be the same ♪
♪ That's just the way it is ♪
♪ Aww yeah, in the end ♪
♪ Come on, come on ♪
♪ That's just the way
it is, the way it is ♪
♪ Things will never be the
same, never be the same ♪
♪ That's just the way it is ♪
♪ Aww yeah, aww yeah ♪
♪ We gotta make a change ♪
- [Woman] Rap star and
actor Tupac Shakur.
♪ It's time for us as a people
to start makin' some changes ♪
♪ Let's change the way we eat ♪
♪ Let's change the way we live ♪
♪ And let's change the
way we treat each other ♪
♪ You see the old way wasn't
working so it's on us to do ♪
♪ What we gotta do, to survive ♪
♪ And still I see no changes ♪
♪ Can't a brother
get a little peace ♪
♪ It's war on the streets and
the war in the Middle East ♪
♪ Instead of war on poverty
they got a war on drugs ♪
♪ So the police can bother me ♪
♪ And I ain't never did a
crime I ain't have to do ♪
♪ But now I'm back with the
blacks givin' it back to you ♪
♪ Don't let 'em jack
you up, back you up ♪
♪ Crack you up and
pimp smack you up ♪
♪ You gotta learn
to hold ya own ♪
♪ They get jealous when they
see ya with ya mobile phone ♪
♪ But tell the cops
they can't touch this ♪
♪ I don't trust this when
they try to rush I bust this ♪
♪ That's the sound of my
tool you say it ain't cool ♪
♪ My mama didn't raise no fool ♪
♪ And as long as I stay
black I gotta stay strapped ♪
♪ And I never get to lay back ♪
♪ 'Cause I always got to
worry 'bout the pay backs ♪
♪ Some buck that I
roughed up way back ♪
♪ Comin' back after
all these years ♪
♪ Rat-a-tat-tat-tat-tat
that's the way it is uh ♪
♪ That's just the way it is ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Things will
never be the same ♪
♪ That's just the way
it is, way it is ♪
♪ Aww yeah, alright ♪
♪ You're my brother,
you're my sister ♪
♪ That's just the way
it is, the way it is ♪
♪ Things will
never be the same ♪
♪ Oh my brother, oh my sister ♪
♪ That's just the way it is ♪
♪ Aww yeah ♪
♪ Some things will
never change ♪